you can't actually test this theory
because today's particle accelerators
are nowhere near powerful enough to
simulate these conditions okay all right
I have a question then yeah um were you
planning on kissing me ever that's
definitely a valid question and the
answer would be yes yes I was but see I
wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss
that happened at this phenomenal moment
because well because it's you sure right
but see the longer I waited the more
phenomenal the kiss had to be and now
we've reached a place where it's just
got to be one of those things where I
just like you sweep everything off the
table and throw you down on it and I'm
not really a sweeping sort of fella I
think you are sweeping sort of fella I
mean you're just sweeper trapped inside
a physicists body really oh yeah I'm
sure of it you should just do it just
sweep and throw me huh now now yeah
right now okay okay okay hmm you know
what this is just really expensive okay
and I'll take this was a gift now you're
just kind of Tidy okay okay what the
hell
ha you want me to actually throw
you you want you want to just top button
huh
Phoebe hi man hey do you know everybody
no have you seen David no no he hasn't
well if you see him telling to a package
bags we are going to Minsk Minsk Minsk
it's in Russia
I feel fair Minsk is we got the grant
three years all expenses paid
so when when do you leave
January first
Hey hi what are you doing here
um well max told me about Minsk so you
know congratulations this is so exciting
yeah
even more exciting if we were going oh
you're not going oh why tell her David
I don't want to go to Minsk to work with
Lipson and Yamaguchi and Franco yeah I
want to stay here and make out with my
girlfriend thank you so so you're really
not going I don't know I don't know what
I'm gonna do I just you decide oh don't
do that please
oh no no but I man I can't do it but I
came here and saying you know but I
can't stay stay stay
getting so good it bad it was Max's
stuff